So we know how to ask for the day of the week.
Let's close and delete this and minimize this function and minimize this other one so that everything's
nice and ordered.
Hey, we have a lot of spaces.
That's better.
The following will allow our assistant to be able to tell us the time.
So we put in form what time it is.
And this function will be called ask time.
Remember that for now, all these functions are separate.
They aren't integrated into anything as of yet.
At the end of all the functions, we shall create the request center, which will be capable of combining
everything that we're doing into one function.
Okay.
This function asks.
Time will have a variable with time information.
Let's create a new variable called time, which has a date time.
Date time now.
And if I print this time on screen and then make a call to ask time and execute, I'm informed of the
year, the month, the day, and then the hour, the minutes, the seconds, and finally the milliseconds.
But I don't need to see all of this.
I only need the hour and the minutes.
Also, I want it to be said in a more pleasant way, not just a series of separate numbers.
So within the function, after this print, I will make it so it can say the time.
And this I can do with speak.
And here we put time.
And I will show you what happens if I execute it.
Now, as it is the 8th of August, 2020 207 colon 46 colon 01146318.
So clearly like this, it's like a robot telling me the time, but I want it to sound more like a human.
Because if we are being precise with the information, we don't talk like that.
So what we need to do is give it a format.
So let's overwrite the variable time before pronouncing it and we're going to make it so time.
It's equal to a little string which says, at this moment it is.
And here we call time so we can extract hours and we say it is X hours.
And now we call time dot minute to obtain this information.
And here our little string ends.
Now, if we execute our assistant again, at this moment, it is 7 hours and 47 minutes.
Perfect.
Now we know the time, and my assistant pronounces it in a much more understandable way.
So you can change this phrase so it says your name, that it includes a greeting, or so that it's said
in a different order, however you like.
So we're ready to make more magic in the next lesson.